https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-9355111/Woman-filmed-wrecking-face-masks-Target-reveals-groomed-QAnon.html
On your way back through Waterdeep after your last adventure, Karen has (yet another) meltdown after wandering into a merchant shop and sees a display of combat facial armor.  She completly destroys the display and could be heard shouting "my body, my choice" and "this is over" from across the market.  You assumed (as per usual) that you would pick her up from the jailer in the morning.  However, they (through eyes spiked with tears of laughter) inform you that she is not with them this morning (thank the gods).

The group finds the shop where the altercation happened you are told that she is being taught a lesson and is not currently within the city.

After pressing for more information (via barter, charming, or force) the adventurers learn she was taken to one of the Whalebones archipelago int he Trackless Sea.  You learn she is held on the northern most island.  Just as the group sighs collectively at the thought of enjoying a few days break from Karen's antics you remember she insists on holding all of the party's gold.  Realizing you spent most of your pocket-coin in the last couple days at Waterdeep you decide to pool your remaining coin to charter a boat to rescue her purse.

As walk closer toward the docks, the smell of the sea begins to fill your nostrils.  Turning down a dock that indicates travel to the Whalebones archipelago you start hearing the distinctive sound of of metal on metal clanging.  Muffled shouts begin to clarify and you hear a female voice yell "I be takin' the shipment t' Finback 'n if ye aint't joinin' ye aint't gettin' paid." A female human jumps down from the shipping containers she was having the argument upon right in fron of you as she spits; "I be this ship's cap'n, 'n if ye don't like it ye're ahoy t' find another ship t' take in yer filthy soul.  Me ship leaves in 10minutes wit' or without ye."  She clears the wispy blonde hair from her face and shealths her twin blades.  "Pardon me.  If I knew me discussions would draw such a crowd I would 'ave stayed a strumpet jus' like me mother."  "Unless ye be lookin' fer passage t' the Whalebones I reckon the curtain be closin' on this show."

After securing passage on the Didneecruz ship.  You set off toward the archipelago.

Captain:
Dita 'Parley' Garthside - 28 year old human female.  5'11 130lbs.