Brynnalore Thramfhaer was born under an unlucky sign. Her father Ulderantus, a deeply superstitious Lord in the Seelie court, screamed threats and curses at his wife as she labored under the light of the waning moon. When the baby arrived, he stormed from the room, knocking over three servants in a fit of rage. 
No one who saw the enormous port wine stain on the girl's face could find the words to explain to her mother the trials that would await her only child. 

Brynn spent her childhood trying as much as possible to fade into the background, and as an adolescent learned it was often better to disappear completely when possible. She found solace in the dusty quiet of the castle library and the shadowy woods to the north of the small village. She made a few friends among the human and half-elf village children. She enjoyed the time spent with those who saw past the mark on her face and appreciated her speed and quick wit while playing games of skill at the edge of the forest. On the last day she spent with the group of children, a woman came to send them back to their houses for supper. Her village manners could not conceal her fear over the accursed mark on Brynn’s face. Though she spoke with the deference due a Lord’s daughter, the children were never allowed back to that border of the village, and Brynn thought it best not to test the bonds of their civility by insisting on the company of her playmates. 
Thus, back to the library. 
To the High-Elf, there is no great dishonor in the happenstance of birth that causes a mark like Brynnalore’s. But as the time grew near for Brynn to be presented at court, Ulderantus became possessed with the idea that her birthmark would hurt her chances for courtly positions and an advantageous marriage. He began a secret campaign to find a solution through various magical and alchemical means. For two years, she was subjected to charms threaded through her hair, oils and salves full of foul-smelling questionable ingredients, and a parade or increasingly elaborate rituals performed by Shamans, Clerics, and Healers of dubious repute. Brynn’s only solace was her mother, Sondafire, who was empathetic and concerned for her well-being, but too afraid of the potential loss in their courtly standing to defy Ulderantus.
On the night before 16-year-old Brynn was to be presented at court, Ulderantus dragged her to a temple of the moon goddess on the castle grounds. Tossing her toward the sacred altar, he screamed out in entitlement. He was a descendant of the Goddess herself. His line was sacred and pure, and this mark was a terrible injustice to his devotion to the goddess. She had abandoned her lineage and no longer deserved his deference and fealty.
Far over his head, Brynn watched as a spark of light descended and grew, until the Moon Goddess herself stood before Ulderantus in a tense silence. Brynnalore and Sondafire sank into graceful poses of pious respect, but Ulderantus, still raging, stood his ground and stared like a madman. 
The goddess turned from him and glided to Brynnalore, lifting her delicately by the chin. Wordlessly, she drew a finger down the length of Brynn’s face and smiled sadly. Brynn closed her eyes against a blinding flash of light, and when she opened them, the goddess had disappeared, leaving them blinking in the dark. 
Brynn’s head swam with the magnitude of what she had seen, but when she lifted a hand to her face, she stopped short in disbelief. She stretched out her arms to see her alabaster skin had transformed into a cloudy, blue-tinged gray, ending in fingertips the color of midnight. Her hair hung down in swirls of white. 
Ulderantus, squinting in the darkness, lifted a torch toward his daughter’s face, and took in the gleaming white eye and scar the color of the sky before dawn. He whirled on Sondafire. “This is your fault,” he screamed, advancing on her with his fist raised. 
Before Brynn realized what was happening, an energy surged from her belly, and she flung a hand toward her father. In the pale light of the temple’s torches, a withered skeletal hand floated like a smoke ring toward Ulderantus- coming to rest around his neck. The hand tightened, and Ulderantus stumbled back in horror, desperately grasping at his neck. 
The last thing Brynn saw before she fainted was her father’s face, turning a fearful shade of blue. 

Elves are not given to hysterical reactions, but Brynnalore’s appearance at court caused a murmur to run through the crowd that felt like a deafening roar. The King and Queen are both elves of renowned intellect, and disapproved of Ulderantus’s superstitious fervor. They decided that allowing Brynn to stay at court if she pleased would serve the dual purpose of providing them with a powerful resource and as a punishment for her father. In a shaky voice, Brynn asked if she might be allowed to come and go as she pleased in an effort to learn more about controlling and wielding her newfound abilities. 



After leaving the Kingdom where she grew up, Brynnalore studied with Clerics and has done some adventuring as she travels to learn about her Celestial energy and works as an Envoy for her kingdom

She dislikes being in a crowd and will take pains to be on the edge of a large gathering if possible. She enjoys music, particularly the simple common music of humans. She doesn’t enjoy courtly life but was trained to be a lady of the court and can fall back on those manners as needed. She seeks knowledge and understanding and dislikes bloodshed for sport and abuse of power 

[My character speaks Draconic and might have studied near where Ilkar is from if you want that as a link (or reason I’m there)]