Background
Race: Firbolg
Class: Cleric
Age: 75-85
Height: 7’5”
Weight: 240lbs
Deity: Silvanus

Almost two years ago I was awoken high at the tree line on the southern face of the Star Mounts by a member of a monastic sect of the Faerun Order of the Magnolia Blossom.  He carried me, close to death by the freezing temperature, back to his order to nurse me back to health.  As I slept that night I was overtaken by a fever-dream where Silvanus himself possessed my being and showed me my path.  The monks’ order have taken vows to tend to the most sacred magnolia blossoms favored by their deity.  Presently, there is an unknown threat impacting the last few seasons of the blossoms.

As I am not normally accustomed to having conversations with gods, I asked him shyly what the tree’s plight had to do with me.  He responded that the monks had pleaded with him to save me and as such devoted followers, he obliged but telling them that they will have to train me for a special task he has set for me.  Although I wasn’t excited at the prospect of being the pawn of a god, I was coming to the very odd realization that; I didn’t know who I am or how I got to where I was found.

The local deity could not tell me who I was or where I came from, but he told me that I had an admirable amount of love and reverence for nature. As such, I was an ideal candidate for achieving his charge, and, if I were true of heart I’d be granted my memories back upon completing his will.  From this moment forward I was a cleric and as I awoke realized I was bestowed with talisman shaped like a magnolia blossom that had a low blue radiance and felt cold as it sat on my chest, not painful, just cold, like the icicles a sense of dread puts in your gut.

Over the next two years I was required to earn my keep by; tending to the monk’s gardens, cook meals, clean the monastery, study the monk’s tombs, read historical and current affairs of the Faerun elite, all while training each day with a very unforgiving weapons master.  I prayed to my new deity every night to give me a sign of when or where my quest was to begin.  These prayers were finally answered after the second spring completed the season’s final blossom on the sacred magnolia tree.  It was then my holy symbol began to radiate blue again and I heard a voice tell me to begin my journey.

There was a feast this night and I have never seen the monks in better spirits.  They told me I will take a horse, enough provisions, and gold to get me started on my quest.  As I set out the next morning I turned one last time to look back and reflect on all of the experiences and bonds I have just formed without any true understanding of the world I was going out to nor any understanding of the person I was, but as I gripped my blossom and whispered; “guide me,” the symbol shimmered its blue light, I pointed the horse forward, clicked my heels and set off on my next adventure.
