Use info from Karen “Robin” (https://www.instagram.com/p/CGK9P8NjIk8/)

Selûne banished Karen to Faerun after she tried to have them fired from the pantheon because the deity wouldn’t acknowledge her right to demean the hairstylist. Upon her arrival, she was thrust into a small human town, however she believes she is at the Renaissance Faire… specifically she (partially) assumes she is in VR to account for some of the inexplicable “magical” events she has witnessed since her arrival (almost a week ago).  She is confident this is true because her nephew Tyler (whom she claims is a genius, compatible only to the great “Tony Robbins” [no relation].) is in college “for computers.”  And Karen’s sister (Debbie) has heard him talk about all of the amazing work he’s been doing while in college (his only accomplishment thus far is turning in his assignments [mostly on time]).

Rather than working herself, she attempts to get others to do her bidding and gets upset when they do not oblige her.  The first hovel which opened their doors to her were a meek thruple of Gnomes (two males; Fellin Briskcord and Jedri Wigglestamp, and a female; Phipine Bronzefen).  They spoke Common but she didn’t like their accent and kept referring to them as “quaint little people, of which less sophisticated people refer to as ‘midgets’,” which she reminded them often (usually stressing “midgets” while scowling at them.  After a frustrating night (where she requested the highest accommodations) she was given; a pack of food stuffs, a practice short-sword (which she actually stole), and a crudely drawn map to the next major town [meta: where all our characters will be meeting up].

She is seeking out a way to charge her cellphone so she can find out where her Uber is (she was banned from Lyft because of an innocent misunderstanding about her drop off… the Lyft driver didn’t take her to the curb of the JC Penny’s due to a emergency services bringing out an elderly employee who passed out from exhaustion [coincidentally passed out after dealing with Karen’s sister Debbie, whom Karen was there to meet]).  Karen’s cell phone is a smart phone which she wields to capture the “atrocities” she is forced to endure at this “ren-faire.”  Even though she turned her cellphone off to preserve what battery she has left, Karen continues to pull it out and shove it in everyone’s face demanding they “say that again to the camera.”

Because she believes this is not reality and therefore she is able to wield the sword and fight in battle, but, she is only motivated by her need to get back to her pets.  Never being married, Karen is lost without her “fur babies”- ‘Fluffy’ the Pomeranian and ‘Señor Takko’ the Chihuahua (she has severe Munchausen syndrome by proxy with Fluffy and is always concerned about whether Fluffy is ill and needs his ‘Mommy’).

Transported to this world her only possessions from her previous realm are;
Cell phone [iPhone 13x] (she says she paid in full for, but actually is on a payment plan.  Monthly, she harasses the Verizon store workers when they threaten to shut off her service if she doesn’t pay her bill.  She assumes it was paid in full because she traded in her old phone, a Motorola flip phone from the mid 2000s.  Therefore she feels Apple got a good deal with having such a selfless client to donate other companies’ technology so they can ‘hack it, or whatever the nerds do’)
Purse
Her ‘peacekeepers’ (nips) to help her cope when people aren’t doing what she wants
Used tissues/napkins/sporks/hotsauce (which she takes by the handful from Taco Bell, because she threatened the manager to have her deported if they didn’t allow her to take all the available napkins after she orders [not enough cheese on her nachos Karen?]).
Some candies (which she claims are extravagant truffle chocolates from her idol [The ‘current’ US President, Donald J. Trump]… but the candies are actually tootsie-rolls wrapped in ferra-roche.
Lip gloss
Taser (which she doesn’t know how to use)
Abridged version of the US Constitution (because “she knows her rights”)
Bible
Lots of loose papers dealing with various topics such as
How to claim medical and religious exemptions from wearing a mask indoors
Fake ADA documents claiming Señor Takko is a service animal
Lists of names/work locations of various managers, owners, and associates who she can claim she “knows” as a way to get what she wants
Billfold filled with expired coupons (which she attempts to pay for everything with)
Head filled with hairpins
Spanx under skin tight “pants”
Orange blouse with a floral pattern (magnolias?)
Lots of costume jewelry (many dangling bracelets)
Blow horn

Husband (Jerry) died due to purchase of whacky-waving Karen doll (which strangled him to death after he set it up)
Fluffy and Senior Takko aren’t there because ST was in hospital, again, and Fluffy is being groomed for his next competition.
To try and explain to people that every public place she’s been to have phone charges.  Even at other ren-faires!  “Juice up” her phone



