Alignment: Neutral
Gender: Female
Eyes: Black and cold as onyx
Size: Medium
Height: 5'7''
Faith: Druidism
Hair: The deep, dark red of thick blood
Skin: Bright red, as commonly compared to a demon of hell
Age: 24
Weight: 130lbs

Personality Traits:
- I am driven by a wonderlust that led me from home.
- I feel far more comfortable around animals than people.

Ideals:
- Live and let live.  Meddling in affairs of others only causes trouble.
- Nature. The natural world is more important than all the constructs of civilization.

Bonds:
- A powerful necromancer killed my father.  Some day soon, I'll have my revenge.
- I owe my life to the man who rescued me, and I try to live my life in honor of his memory.

Flaws:
- I am suspicious of strangers and suspect the worst in them.
- I horbor dark bloodthirsty thoughts that my isolation failed to quell.

Appearance:  Her horns shoot straight up and curve slightly backwards live those of a goat.

Backstory:
	A "woman of the night" screams in horror from the birthing room of the brothel.  The child she had just delivered is cursed with the infernal bloodline of a Tiefling.. Visible through not only the color of the child's eyes and skin but also the horns and tail growing from her.  There's no way this child will pass for a human.  No work house or orphanage will take her.  The mother cries into the pillow, cursing herself for not being more selective with her patrons, and thinking of what dreaded Madame Mistress strokes the hair of her best girl.  Unwilling to loose her as a worker, Madame Mistress picks up the child, says she will handle it and walks from the room.
	
	Deep within a thick forest surrounded by mountains, a nomadic druid man named Roven hears the wailing of an infant.  He finds an infant Tiefling, female, no more than a day or two old.  The question is though, how did she get here?  There is not a major city or even small village for many leagues.  As Roven values all natural life, he took the child in to raised as his own.  He had decided to name her 'Nowhere," as she has no homeland or people.  She truly came from nowhere.
	
	Nowhere had been brought up as a nomadic druid, just like her adoptive father.  Everyday they would wander their woodland homeland, protecting and caring for all it's creatures and plat life from the tainted touch of the outside world.  Like her father, and most druids, Nowhere respected the natural order of things and would strive to keep the world pure.  They enjoyed living their lives away from the bustle of the modern world and living off the land, preferring the company of animals or other druids like themselves to that of other beings, especially humans.
	
	As the years went by, Roven noticed that even though Nowhere strives to uphold her Druidic faith and upbringing, she had a deep-seeded anger.  Roven had given Nowhere as complete of a proper education as he possibly could.  The more she learned of her heritage and bloodline, the more disgusted she became with things considered "unnatural" and the greed and power-hungry nature of humans.  To better direct instead of suppress Nowhere's anger, Roven and Nowhere had begun to travel to the North Edge of the forest where rumor had spread of a Necromancer who had taken up residence in the seclusion of the forest for his dark deeds.  For years they had battled an increasing number of abominations and unnatural creatures sent down from the mountain into the forest by the Necromancer.  Slowly turning Nowhere's skills from care and nurture into that of defense and attack.
	
	On the day of the 23rd anniversary of Roven rescuing Nowhere, they had finally reached the wretched encampment of the Necromancer.  Nowhere could not think of a better birthday than one in which her and her father could destroy such a plague on the land.  After countless hours of lost sleep constantly fighting against the Necromancer's hoard of creatures, the days had started to blend together and tracking time became lost to them.  Their resolve had become weak and their fighting clumsy.   Roven was struck down.  Nowhere fled out of fear and anguish dragging the limp body of her father behind her.  She had buried him near his favorite river, planting the seed of an ash tree above him so that his body may feed the seed as he, in a sense, may be reborn as part of the forest.  Nowhere then left the forest, which now seemed dark and empty to her.  Driven by her thirst for revenge, she has vowed to kill every undead and unnatural creature she come across in the name of her father and to restore natural balance to the world.