Rhoan Windsong’s Backstory


I was born in the Dock Ward of Waterdeep. My father Easton was human, but my mother Wren was a half elf. My Father was a carpenter and woodcarver by trade. My Mother grew and gathered medicinal herbs she supplied to local apothecaries, but always gave out small homemade remedies to friends and neighbors when they needed it. My Father made beautiful custom furniture, chests and decorative carvings for the Captains of the various trading ships that frequented Waterdeep. He was very highly respected for his talents and skill. When I turned six, my Father carved me my first lute as a gift. The lute was blue and silver with white accents, I named her Zephyr . I learned to play from the local sailors that my father befriended over his career. By the time I was nine, I could play along with any shanty or old fisherman's tale they tossed my way. Music was my first love. My Mother, being half-elf, was very beautiful and caught the eye of a wealthy local merchant. He took great offense when she openly and publicly refused his advances. One evening my Father and I were returning home from the wharf when we heard a scream and turned the corner just in time to see my Mother being loaded into a carriage by two masked men. My Father attempted to fight with her kidnappers while I ran for help. When one the kidnapper’s mask was ripped away during the struggle, my Father recognized him as one of the Merchants thugs. We tried to go to the city guards, but the merchant was protected by a very influential noble who had a reputation for bribery and was a suspected slaver. Unable to attack the merchant directly, my Father began raiding the merchant's supply routes as well as the Noble's warehouses. Everything my Father stole he anonymously gave away to the poor that suffered throughout Dock Ward. He became a local hero, though no one but  me knew my Father was the thief. The people of the Dock Ward began referring to my Father as the “Fen”, which was the name of a sea fog that causes ships and cargo to vanish only to wash ashore as debris. While my Father stole gold, I played my lute and sang songs of his deeds. One night my Father's luck ran out and he was killed by the Noble's men in an ambush they had set for him. When the news came that my Father had been the thief, a Dwarf Bard that often traveled through Waterdeep smuggled me out of Dock Ward and took me on as his apprentice. I never learned what happened to my Mother. I was ten years old when I left my home and began traveling with the Dwarf Dolgrim Copperstone. He taught me dwarvish, history, and all the secrets of the Bardic arts. After about 10 years with Dolgrim I met a woman named Ilyana who had a young daughter named Merigold. Despite my reputation as a womanizer and my fondness for drink, Illyana treated me with a rare warmth and understanding I never truly deserved. Her daughter Merigold was in awe of me and hung on my every word anytime I visited their village. Eventually I ended up falling for Illyana and somehow convinced her to marry me. I was ready to start a family of my own. If music had been my first love, Ilyana was my second, Merigold my greatest. I adored every fiber of that 4 year olds existence and even though I wasn’t her real father, She loved me as if I were. Dolgrim decided it was time for him to retire as well, and bid me farewell shortly after the wedding. Ilyana and I tried to have a child together, but were unable. I imagine the irony would have been funny if it wasn’t so absurd. I must have been the only Bard in the world that wanted children and was unable to have any. One day I decided to let go of my past and repaint my lute. Merigold picked the colors. Green and gold with red trim, so it would match her favorite dress. She helped me paint it then signed her work with a single handprint she dipped in yellow paint on the back. At night I would wake up from the nightmare of my mothers abduction, but Ilyana was always there to comfort me back to sleep with a lullaby she used to sing to Merigold. I still catch myself singing it quietly at night. We lived a happy peaceful life until the girls both fell ill with fever the very one winter. They died of the fever after only two years of bliss. I buried Merigold in her Green, gold, and red dress, Ilyana in her favorite yellow and blue one. I couldn’t bring myself to stay at home anymore. I visited Dolgrim and he gave me his pan flute as a final gift and I began my journey as a vagabond. An aimless and hollowed out shell. I travel from place to place, writing down stories and singing songs to try and bring some sort of peace, courage, or happiness to whomever I can. I play the part while others are around, I act happy and carefree to earn my keep. I seek solace and comfort in the arms of lusty women and the bottoms of many bottles in an attempt to fight off the darkness that digs at my soul. I often look at the handprint on the back of my lute. I remember those I’ve lost. I try to help as many people as I can avoid such loss with whatever charity my talents can bring. One day my adventures will finally send me home to be with my Wife and Daughter. Until then, the show must go on.
